no high as you can see my stool is
mysteriously disappeared it's not that
josh has suddenly grown a foot but I
we're here Josh Elizabeth for this
week's wednesday new releases take it
away I'm gonna start off with two books
actually it's dark horse comics 141
comics first is sin city which first
came out in 1991 you've probably heard
about it seen a little movie something
like that but we get a first glimpse at
Basin city and Frank Miller's wonderful
characters definitely grid Ian awesome
just as it was originally so you know if
you haven't picked that issue up go
ahead and do them second one is a BP
originally came out in 1990 Stradley and
Norwood and story took us on a ride back
then and I'm glad that they did because
we have some movies and video games that
come out event in the the characters in
kind of world that they've expanded on
is really great so yeah nice I've got
x-men number two and as you can see
there's a very special guest star blade
I'm enjoying this vampires more than i
thought i would first if i was going to
be a little gimmicky kind of doing the
whole true blood thing but they're
actually really using marbles in history
with vampires that mentioned Dracula and
how he is Hugh storm was once under his
thrall like this is very much like an
old school like x-men comic it starts
with a fastball special it's got banter
between all the characters and wonder of
wonders I don't want to kill Julie I've
got the green lantern emerald warriors
number one new series starring Guy
Gardner he is basically a space cop as
you know or maybe you don't know he's a
space cop and he's had enough of it he's
kind of tired of that whole gig and he
wants to do a little bit more so he's
going to go and explore the Uncharted
sector
and he's already proved it with the with
the Watchers and there we go um it was
kind of surprised about that but he's on
his way nice I've got arching friends
146 Twilight part 1 this is pretty funny
Archie has really been pushing the
boundaries lately exploring a lot of
different like directions with the
manatee the married life and the
alternate dimensions and here they are
spoofing a little movie called twilight
of course the feddy Branca are all over
this and they're too mysterious new boys
in town this is totally enjoyable the
only thing I wish is that the art was a
little bit more detailed kind of like it
was back when when dan decarlo was doing
it but that is really a minor quibble
this is a fun series and I'm I'm
interested to see what's going to happen
next energy we got J michael Straczynski
'he's superman number 702 it's part of
his ground at arc amazing Superman's
walking across country and he's just
going to normal kind of everyday towns
this one he visits Detroit and you know
how Detroit's down on its luck and
everything he is yeah enjoying a really
wonderful job of keeping Superman you
know literally grounded but also making
it exciting and kind of important I
guess so yeah I like what he's doing not
that boat Thanks we got hack slash my
first maniac number three this is a
story again continuing kind of an untold
in between origin story of Cassie hack I
were learning more about how she became
who she became kind of her theories
about blending in with the teenagers so
that the Predators think she's the prey
but she's getting a little sucked into
it she's learning some important lessons
about who to trust again this is
interesting i'm really kind of hoping
waiting for blood to show up but i think
tim sillies doing a great job
I've got the chew omnivore edition
hardcover I've been looking for the
forward to this for a long time ever
since you know the series came out
collects the first ten issues of the
book the first two arcs international
Flavors second arc & tasters choice is
the first arc and this has wonderful
extras in the back of the book including
from issue number four as the Russian
dialogue translated for us so that's
pretty cool because I I wasn't going to
you know type that into Google or
anything like that yeah exactly let's
see we've got a layman's original pitch
document for the series which is pretty
interesting to read as well as some
early design concepts by Rob so check
that one out amazing so yeah we've got
bprd hell on earth the first part of a
new five-issue story arc i love you my
vanila john our community guy davis it
really doesn't get any better than this
if you haven't gotten into BPRD i
understand it took me a while to get
into it because I was worried that there
was too much and it was too unfamiliar
to many monsters like just too much to
read but at its core bprd is about a
group of friends and friends that don't
always like each other friends that
don't always get along but they kind of
have that prickly interaction with each
other that it doesn't matter how much
continuity you do or don't know you like
the characters and I really enjoyed a
cape putting that little jerk Devin in
his place Devin's the one who keeps
thinking that Abe might be the
Antichrist but there's a town people are
disappearing there's mystery people
don't quite trust the BPRD but it's just
setting up for a great story arc last
thing I've got the blackest night light
up ring sets there you go um these
lights please light up what do you need
to know about them other than you put
them on your finger and they're on so
get them amazing yes amazing I had to
think so I'll make it quick I've got a
locking key case of the kingdom
beginning of a new arc
this is wonderful i love us in 18 issues
is all over as you might didn't you read
my interview with joe hill this has a
definite stopping point and I can't
believe is it's I think it's a teen
issues ins who are about halfway through
this is amazing because you keep sinking
from boat or bodis point of view it's a
calvin and hobbes reference anything
from his side is all calvin and hobbes
asked and this is great it's fun it the
last arc and really dark so it's kind of
fun to see the kids together it's
adventurous you're learning more about
the kids and they're learning more about
the keys it's good and then of course
yeah i wouldn't be wednesday new
releases we've got the walking dead
number 76 and if you read the last one
rick is being the out of a
suspected wife abuser and the town is
going nuts has he lost it I think we can
all pretty much agree that he has kind
of lost it but whether that's a bad
thing or not for him and the town is yet
to be decided what I really like about
this book is how they keep they don't
even like pull fast ones on you on what
you're expecting they just kind of
sidestep and things go in totally
different ways you learn a lot more
about the origin of this town and the
people and nothing's as it seems nothing
is a quite cool thought they were going
to be there far more human they're far
more realistic and this is just more and
more engaging and I would like number 77
now please that's pretty much it you can
go ahead and find all of these plus more
of the comics in yes stuff that came out
again if you click the red button up
here or on YouTube this down in here
alright thanks guys